	
    Document with all of the information I want to get from the OWL data I have downloaded.
    This will often involve replicating or reproducing data that comes up on screen
    while watching OWL. More sophisticated data science that comes from using machine
    learning algorithms will follow after I can clearly demonstrate a comfortable
    understanding of pandas and have rearranged my data in all of the categories that I 
    will need and/or defined the functions I can use to easily access data of types that
    I would like.

   	Starting with the manipulations I want to do with the the match stats only,	I would like
   	to have	a table with the final standings of the league for every year of the league. For
   	each team, I would also like a summary of their win percentage on each map type at the 
   	end of the year.
   	
   	In fact, now that I have done this, it would be easier if I could make functions to
   	calculate for me the standings over a given period of time or the map win percentages
   	over a period of time.
   	
   	Another thing I would like to be able to do is find the history between two different
   	teams. The easiest way to do this is probably manage to select all of the matches between
   	the two teams, and perform the other functions I have already defined on them.
   	
   	Moving onto the player stats, which were what I was really interested in from
   	the start due to the potential for applying machine learning algorithms, as an easy start     
   	it would be nice to be able to give a function some data from a given time period (the
   	function itself will not need to cut the data down for time), then ask for some 
   	key stats for a particular player from a particular hero name. At some point, it would
   	be nice to be able to give how one player on a hero ranks against all the other players
   	on the same hero in particular stats.
   	
   	
   	
   	
   	
   	
   	
   	
   	I will also need to write output to files for permanent storage and/or find nice ways to
   	visually represent my data.
   	
   	I plan to have all functions organised such that you specify the time
   	period over which you want a function to do an operation before you
   	insert it into that fuction by using functions that you have written
   	specialised for this truncating of data.
   	
   	In essence, what I am creating here is an extremely basic API (with no
   	plans for defining any classes, but maybe I can do that later if I feel 
   	like it) for the very specific purpose of getting data that I want about
   	the Overwatch league.